Sync MS Learn to FTK 11/12/2024 (#1124)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs-mslearn/toolkit/help/contributors.md

---
title: Contribute to the FinOps toolkit
description: Learn how to contribute to the FinOps toolkit, like fixing bugs, suggest new features, review pull requests, and update documentation.
author: bandersmsft
ms.author: banders
ms.date: 10/29/2024
ms.topic: how-to
ms.service: finops
ms.reviewer: micflan
#customer intent: As a FinOps user, I want to learn how to contribute to the FinOps toolkit by fixing bugs, suggesting new features, reviewing pull requests, and updating documentation.
---

> # FinOps contribution guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FinOps toolkit contribution guide
```

> The FinOps Toolkit project welcomes contributions from the community. Welcome to the FinOps toolkit. As an open-source initiative, our success hinges on the collective effort of the community. Your contributions play a vital role in enhancing and expanding the toolkit's capabilities, making it more valuable and effective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the FinOps toolkit. As an open-source initiative, our success hinges on the collective effort of the community. Your contributions play a vital role in enhancing and expanding the toolkit's capabilities, making it more valuable and effective for everyone.
```

- **Work on existing bugs:** You can assist by identifying and addressing existing bugs listed in our repository. 
- **Provide suggestions for new features or improvements:** If you're not comfortable with coding, you can still contribute by suggesting new features or improvements for our tools.
- **Propose a new tool:** If you developed a FinOps-related tool and want it to be part of the FinOps toolkit, you can submit a proposal for consideration.
- **Review pull requests:** Code reviews are a critical aspect of maintaining code quality and ensuring the reliability and functionality of the project. By reviewing existing pull requests (PRs) suggested by community members, you can contribute significantly to the project's success without necessarily creating new code.
- **Answer questions:** Being actively involved in answering questions and providing assistance to community members is an invaluable contribution to the project.
- **Update documentation:** Documentation serves as a crucial resource for users, developers, and contributors alike. We strive to keep documentation accurate, comprehensive, and up to date. It's essential for the success of the toolkit.

> We appreciate your interest in contributing to the FinOps Toolkit project!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We appreciate your interest in contributing to the FinOps toolkit!
```

<br>

## Update documentation

- **Identify areas for improvement:** Review the existing documentation to identify any outdated information, inaccuracies, or gaps that need to be addressed.
- **Improve clarity and consistency:** Clarify ambiguous sections, reorganize content for better structure, and ensure consistency in terminology, formatting, and style throughout the documentation.
- **Update content:** Update outdated information, add new content to cover recent features or changes, and remove obsolete sections that are no longer relevant.

<br>

## Thank you! <!-- markdownlint-disable-line single-h1 -->

Your contributions to open source, large or small, make projects like this possible. Thank you for taking the time to contribute.

<br>

## Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct

This project adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).

For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/)
or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any other questions or comments.

> 
> ## Related content
> 
> Related products:
> 
> - [Cost Management](/azure/cost-management-billing/costs/)
> 
> Related solutions:
> 
> - [FinOps toolkit Power BI reports](../power-bi/reports.md)
> - [FinOps hubs](../hubs/finops-hubs-overview.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
